>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>And I think many
people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>NARRATOR: Bigfoot, the
large hairy ape-like creature
also known as
Sasquatch, has always
seemed to allude
hunters and researchers.
Exactly what is this creature?
Half man, half ape?
Alien in nature?
What would it be like to
actually have one in captivity?
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, how about that?
You know, Bigfoot we've talked
about on "Coast to Coast"
for so many years
and, of course,
here on "Beyond
Belief," as well.
It's just been one
of those subjects
that everybody's
fascinated with.
And today we have a
special guest for you,
an expert on Bigfoot
research, Rhettman Mullis.
His organization is
called Bigfootology.
They are expert researchers.
Rhettman, always a pleasure
to have you on the program.
>>RHETTMAN MULLIS: Thank you.
Good to see you again, George.
>>NOORY: How did you get
interested in Sasquatch?
Bigfoot?
>>MULLIS: Purely accidental.
When I was nine years old, we
moved to the Pacific Northwest.
In '76, my dad was stationed
at Whidbey Naval Air Station.
And '77, during the summer, we
took a ferry ride from Seattle
to Victoria.
And as we were passing on the
west coast of Whidbey Island,
in the Admiralty
inlet area, I was
standing on the back of a
ferry, just kind of catching
the beauty of the area and
someone started saying,
hey, what's that over there?
Is that a whale?
[LAUGHTER]
And then everybody started
focusing their attention
at the back to the ferry
upon that observation deck.
And they were just
exchanging comments
and the guy goes, if it's
a whale, it's got arms.
And we focused in on it.
It was the biggest
man we'd ever seen.
And it was swimming across
the wake of the ferry--
>>NOORY: Swimming?
Wow.
>>MULLIS: --heading
towards Whidbey island.
So that was the first time
I'd even-- somebody goes,
I think that's one of
those Bigfoot things.
I hadn't even heard of a Bigfoot
because I grew up basically
in the desert.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MULLIS: And it was after that,
I started learning about it
and reading about it.
And it just evolved
into this now 37,
38 years of doing
research in addition to
living a regular
life of what I do.
>>NOORY: My first
exposure was when
I started reading about
the abominable snowman.
The Yeti.
And they seem to talk
about this creature having
a lot of furry, white hair.
And then, of course,
we've got Bigfoot.
Are we talking about the
same species basically?
>>MULLIS: It's the same species.
Probably a different
sub-species.
But the actual interesting
thing is the abominable snowman,
or the Yeti, they actually
have the same colorization
of hair as all the
other Bigfoots.
What people don't
understand, it's
just like with humans, we have
a vast array of body types,
you know ectomorphic,
endomorphic.
We have hair colorations.
We have auburn, black,
the two I've seen up close
were black haired.
But there's a lot
of auburn hair.
There are some white
haired ones out there
that are more
indicative of, say,
a greying gorilla or maybe
some kind of albinoism.
So there is that
spectrum of colorization.
But for the most part,
the Yetis are actually
the typical color of a Bigfoot.
And there's an ongoing
theory that they
crossed over the
Bering Bridge just
like the rest of the
Denisovan branches
that came into the new
world long before the Bering
Bridge collapsed
or went underwater.
>>NOORY: You're with
this group, Bigfootology,
and there are other good
researching groups out there.
You folks take this pretty
darned seriously, don't you?
>>MULLIS: Well, in all the years
that we've been doing this,
the greatest amount
of criticism I
saw was that the
scientific world was not
willing to take this seriously.
Well, I became a scientist.
I'm a behavioral scientist.
And one of the things
that we learned
to do in the
scientific world is how
to address problems using a
multi-disciplinary approach.
In other words, we pull
a whole bunch of people
together with
certain specialties
and we focus on the problem
and find a solution.
This is why it used
to be originally back
in the late '80s,
it was SIR Bigfoot,
Sasquatch
Investigative Research.
That was my little
research group.
And then as I continued
my education and evolved,
I realized that I
have the ability
to take this into
the science realm.
And so that's when
we switched over
to Bigfootology which is
the study of the Bigfoot
phenomenon.
And with that, we brought onto
the team, we have a zoologist,
we have Dr. Bryan
Sykes, a geneticist,
he's part of team Bigfootology.
Dr. Anna Nekaris
is a primatologist,
she's a part of Bigfootology.
So we have all these scientists
that are part of this
and we're all using
our expertises in order
to address the
evidence that's there
and come up with a
reasonable solution.
One our main project's is coming
up with the species profile.
Which is why we've
been doing the DNA--
>>NOORY: DNA testing, sure.
>>MULLIS: And we have
some other projects
that we're actually
dealing with.
Like there's a common story
among indigenous tribes
of maidens being
kidnapped, impregnated,
and so on and so forth.
And over the years, that's
been well documented.
So we are also
investigating that.
Is there any truth?
And we've actually tested three
claimed hybrids right now--
>>NOORY: What do they look like?
>>MULLIS: --looking for two
more to test those as well,
and to see if there's any
evidence truly of that.
And it's not them saying,
oh, I'm part Bigfoot.
No, it's actually the
tribal history saying well,
they have Bigfoot
in their heritage.
Their great, great
grandmother was kidnapped.
And so we're testing that.
We're still doing more DNA work.
And we have other
projects that we're
working behind the scenes.
And in science, we
don't put ourselves out
there in terms of
every day updating.
Because people are
very impatient.
So in true science, what
you do, you do all the work
behind the scenes, and then when
you have something to report,
you report it.
And so we deliberately
don't talk
about a lot of these projects in
the open arena because we don't
want to be inundated, what's
going on, how you doing,
that type of thing.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MULLIS: And that's
the way it should work.
That we were
unencumbered to make sure
we do our work
effectively and according
to the different processes
that we need to do.
>>NOORY: What do these
so-called hybrids look like?
>>MULLIS: Well, it
depends on how closely
they are in terms
of the pairing.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MULLIS: What got me interested
in the hybrids is back in 1987,
I was working for a
company and I had a man
and woman-- different
people, different times--
come in and in conversation
it would come up.
Yeah, I supposedly have
Bigfoot in my ancestry.
The woman was very unremarkable.
In other words, she
didn't have anything
out of the extraordinary.
The man, however, he
was six foot eight,
had the prominent brow.
[LAUGHTER]
The thin lips.
He scared me.
I have a funny story
about that, but I
don't think we have time
to share that today.
But he screamed
Bigfoot, but there
was no way to prove or
support his claim back then.
But now that we have
the DNA technology--
>>NOORY: Now there is, sure.
>>MULLIS: --we can.
And so, I have no idea
where those people are.
But we do have, through
some of the tribes that we
work with, the tribes have
come forward and said, test,
look at this person,
look at this.
Blah, blah, blah.
And so we've gone in and we've
done the whole DNA twelve.
I've done the videos
and the photographs
and documented them, done
physical measurements.
And in those cases, their
great, great, great grandmothers
have the pairing.
And two of the cases
you looked at them
and you go, nothing really
remarkable about them.
There's some traits about
them that are interesting.
Like their proclivity
for extreme cold.
They walk around barefoot
even in a foot of snow and ice
on the ground.
They prefer swimming in ice
cold water and ice cold lakes.
They have certain
things like that.
>>NOORY: Which is unusual.
That's unusual.
>>MULLIS: But we did
test the last person
we just tested back in November.
It's very interesting.
He's about my height, but
when he shakes your hand,
it's like you're
shaking a boxing glove.
His feet are, he's
got a 6E wide foot
even though it's only
about 11 inch foot.
And he has more of
the facial features.
So he may have actually a closer
pairing in terms of distance.
>>NOORY: I mean if you looked
at him, Rhettman, on the street,
would you say, whoa!
>>MULLIS: You'd go,
well, that's a big boy.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MULLIS: OK.
And we're not just
talking about weight wise.
We're talking about
in terms of width.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MULLIS: And that's
two of the quote
unquote hybrids
that we've tested
had an extra amount of
width to their torso.
Everybody has a dimensional
side to their head,
but their head seemed
a little bit smaller
compared to the
width of their torso.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MULLIS: And, again, we're
not talking about the fact
that they're obese.
You know?
We're talking about
they're just really wide.
So it's quite abnormal.
I can't give you
their entire names,
but Dell is the
last one we tested,
and he was a very, very
interesting individual.
We're really, really
curious about him.
>>NOORY: Since the beginning
of time or registered time,
what have been the
past Bigfoot stories?
What's the history of Bigfoot?
>>MULLIS: Well, that's
actually, again,
we have several projects.
One of the projects
that we're doing
is documenting the
historicity of Bigfoot.
I came out with a theory
back in the early '90s
that when we start looking
at the anecdotal evidence
and start pulling
out themes, which
is how we do
anthropological work,
we do the qualitative work.
We take all these
stories and then
we start pulling
out consistencies.
And that creates our theme or
our trend in data that says,
OK, this is things that
we could pretty much bet
is a fact about them.
And when I started pulling
out all the behavioral stuff,
because that's what I do, and I
started going back into history
and reading basic concept things
like the old nursery rhymes.
And you can learn about
werewolves and trolls and ogres
and their traits
and their behaviors.
They match.
And so I came up
with this theory
that they've existed
throughout time.
It's just like there are over
1,000 names of these things
around the world in
different tribes.
We've lost the concept
of their existence
because we no longer think
of them anymore in terms
of the boogeyman
and the wild man.
Like the old nursery rhymes
where the momma would say,
don't go out in the woods or
the boogeyman will get you.
Well, that was about the
Bigfoot and what they do.
And so back in '96, '97, I
came across a gentleman named
Scott White, who we've been
trying to find all these years,
we have yet to find him.
But he put together this
compendium of artifacts
from around the world.
Drawings, paintings,
architectural reliefs,
carvings of all these
very hairy wild men.
And they were
traditionally known
as wild men or woodwose,
and stuff like that.
So he has all this evidence
that we put together.
And we also have a team
historian, Pearl Prihoda,
that still works with us now.
And she does a
marvelous job doing
what he was doing, as well.
And so we literally have
thousands of thousands
of these artifacts showing their
existence throughout history,
including the wars
that we've had.
Like you have an
image right there
on the screen of a knight
with a Bigfoot in captivity.
You also had images in
the very beginning where
you showed one of the
battles between Bigfoot.
That was from 1550, 1551.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MULLIS: My favorite is--
>>NOORY: They're fighting
a whole group of them.
>>MULLIS: Yeah, the
whole group of them.
This, if I recall correctly,
comes out of France.
My favorite one is from Hans
Berkmeier from 1500 to 1503.
And he did a wood relief carving
of a knight in full battle
against what is
obviously a Bigfoot.
And the common portrayal
throughout all that time
is you see Bigfoots
usually with clubs.
And that's even in our
modern day stories of Bigfoot
with the different
indigenous tribes,
they still tend to
have clubs if they're
going into some kind
of combative situation
or threatening pose.
>>NOORY: Which tells
you there's got
to be some intelligence
behind these things.
>>MULLIS: There is
some intelligence.
And that brought about another
theory that I had about how--
and the theories were reinforced
by what Pearl was finding
and what Scott White had found.
Because as we start going into
our chronological portrayal
of a these images, of these
carvings and stuff like that,
what we see is the homo
sapiens slash Neanderthal
and the Denisovan branches
grew in intelligence.
These stayed in their
primitive state.
Whether it's through
the nonability to
progress more
intelligently or not.
They stayed in their
primitive state.
And over time we separated.
As homo sapiens and Denisovans
became more intelligent
and they started
cloistering into their towns
and their cities and
their fortresses,
they stayed on the outside.
And what we see in a
lot of these images,
and I only sent
you a few of them,
but like I said we
have thousands of them,
we can see how they get into
these melees, these battles,
And where they've been
captured and killed.
There's another
excellent example,
and this one comes out of Rome.
>>NOORY: Well, that's unusual.
I mean how many Bigfoot were
involved in the battles?
Hundreds of them?
Ten?
>>MULLIS: Singles?
We don't have any number.
We don't have any idea.
>>NOORY: We don't know that.
>>MULLIS: And it's impossible
to even number them today.
Because we have theories,
but that's all we have.
We don't have a set
way of nailing down.
So we can see how, over time,
the main construct of humanity
progressed knowledge-wise
and these remained primitive.
And so we've lost that
knowledge of their existence.
Even though we
have, when we start
looking at the historical
evidence, it's there.
It's there in droves.
Even in terms of writing.
The Romans documented
them, their existence,
going back 2000 plus years ago.
Shakespeare wrote about them
and, I mean, I could sit here
and just-- I'd have to look
at my notes at this point
because there's just so much.
>>NOORY: They've been in
folklore, you name it.
>>MULLIS: Exactly
>>NOORY: They're there.
>>MULLIS: Yeah.
So I think the problem is
that, in our modern society,
we're so focused on what
I call being auto-centric,
we're focused on ourselves that
we don't look at our history.
And so we lose that.
And there's only a few people
that actually do-- like myself,
Pearl, Scott White, for
example, and other people
who actually have
a love for history.
>>NOORY: Around this
country, there's
an individual who claims
he has shot a Bigfoot,
and he claims that
he's got him on display
and he's got him in
a little RV and he's
driving around trying to charge
people to go in and see that.
This individual was
involved in an obvious hoax
several years ago.
Does that hurt serious
Bigfoot research
when something like
that is going on?
>>MULLIS: Incredibly.
And because Bigfoot is the only
global scientific organization,
we have to take each
situation as it comes.
We just can't say,
well, he was involved
in 2008 hoax where he put
a Bigfoot in a freezer--
>>NOORY: And just throw it out.
>>MULLIS: --throw him out.
We can't do that.
We have a look at
it subjectively.
OK?
Well, objectively.
And so when that
came about, we were
notified of that within
a week of it happening.
The actual shooting.
And we tried to work with
it behind the scenes.
We had four of our
different team members
working including one
of our team members
working directly with him.
And because we're also in
the middle of a DNA project,
we were trying to
get a hair sample.
>>NOORY: Dr. Sykes, yeah.
>>MULLIS: And as soon
as he found out--
because I was actually talking
to him directly at one point--
and he found out what we were
trying to do, he shut up.
And he wouldn't talk
to us after that.
>>NOORY: Didn't want to give
you any more info on it.
>>MULLIS: Right.
And so we continued to work
behind the scenes and even
the person that was working
directly with him offered him
all this equipment and, you
know, just for the hair sample.
But he still refused that.
It's just harder
to believe that you
would have the find of the
millennia in a trailer--
>>NOORY: And not let the
world want to know about it.
>>MULLIS: Right.
>>NOORY: Other than a caravan
where you charge people.
>>MULLIS: Yeah, we
actually have an agreement
in our organization that we
do not believe in exploiting.
We're here to document.
And if we ever had a
situation like this
where there was a carcass,
the analysis would be done.
We don't believe
in killing Bigfoot;
that's not our point, but--
>>NOORY: Would you kill Bigfoot
if you were being attacked?
>>MULLIS: Well, anybody would.
>>NOORY: Of course,
that's self defense.
>>MULLIS: You have to choose
your life over theirs.
>>NOORY: Yeah, that's different.
>>MULLIS: So you have
to defend yourself.
And this is why we came up
with the Bigfootology creed.
Talking about protecting
our researchers,
protecting those
who are with us,
as well as protecting the
species in their habitat.
So we're trying to document
in a nonlethal way.
And that makes it even harder.
But we do have,
and I can't really
talk about these other projects
because it'll reveal too much,
but we have some very
aggressive projects happening.
Not aggressive violence
wise, but aggressive in terms
of if we can make these
projects come to fruition,
it'll put the lid on this.
>>NOORY: If you ever ran into
this individual with his RV,
would you tell him off?
Would you be upset?
How would you handle that?
>>MULLIS: No, I don't
treat people that way.
What I would do is I would
sit there and ask him, OK, I'm
here.
I'll put my gloves on.
I've got an artifact bag.
Let me have a sample.
Let's put this to rest.
>>NOORY: Yeah, which is
the fair thing to do.
>>MULLIS: Yeah, it is.
You don't turn around-- you're
in the middle of a DNA project
with the top
geneticist in the world
with even the top wildlife
lab working with you,
and you don't sit
there and go, well,
I can't give you evidence
because-- you know, why not?
The only way you don't do
that is you disprove it.
There's another person
named Justin Schmidt who
shot two Bigfoots back
in northern California.
And Brian and I
interviewed him at length
as well as took samples.
And people say
that he's hoaxing.
Well, we don't believe so.
Because if he was, he
would not have put himself
on the line to have it tested.
And he did admit early
on that it was likely
bear because of the time frame
in which it was retrieved.
The stake was retrieved.
And the fact it is a
prolific bear hunting area.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MULLIS: So he admitted
upfront that it's possibly bear.
And we did test it
and it was bear.
>>NOORY: It was a bear.
>>MULLIS: But if
you're a hoaxer--
>>NOORY: Was he decomposing?
>>MULLIS: --you're going to do
what this other gentleman, Mr.
Dyer, is doing.
And that is avoid any kind of
intangible or tangible evidence
that's going to
show that it's fake.
So all he had to do is clip
one hair, send it to us.
We would have analyzed it
and said, you've got him.
You've got the golden goose.
Or what we call the golden hair.
>>NOORY: What's going on with
the DNA of Dr. Bryan Sykes?
>>MULLIS: Still working on it.
The paper is in peer review.
It has been for a
little while now.
>>NOORY: But the tests are done?
>>MULLIS: We're actually
starting to do more testing.
So we were able to accomplish a
lot with Dr. Bryan Sykes' help.
Wonderful guy.
We were able to figure out what
one of the Yeti samples were.
The hybrid extinct polar bear.
The problem that
people misunderstand
is there's three types
of words for Yeti.
And we always suspected that one
of them was a form of a bear.
Which is the deksu,
something like that.
>>NOORY: Gigantopithecus.
>>MULLIS: Well,
gigantopithecus is actually a--
>>NOORY: It's a
monkey, isn't it?
>>MULLIS: --extinct monkey.
Extinct great ape.
>>NOORY: Is it the skunk monkey?
>>MULLIS: The skunk ape is a
form of Bigfoot out of Florida.
And they just call them skunk
apes because they smell.
Well, most all Bigfoots
smell really bad.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MULLIS: Just like humans
smell really bad, too,
if it wasn't for showers--
>>NOORY: You stay out in the
woods for all these years.
>>MULLIS: They're getting funky.
So, but they don't shower,
they don't use deodorant,
so they're going
to smell and they
don't have any really
way of wiping themselves,
so it gets nasty.
But I've been around
smells that'll
just make your eyes water.
But no, going back
to the DNA stuff,
we are working with some
other organizations too,
genetic labs, and stuff.
We're still in the process of
doing more genetic testing.
>>NOORY: Well, it
sounds like you're
trying to double-check
something.
Are you at liberty to
tell us anything yet?
>>MULLIS: Well, no.
It's just, we're
really not trying
to double-check because
we're just still considering
all the possibilities.
The other thing that we
found the answer to was Zana.
Zana was one of the greatest
mysteries in the Bigfoot world
because everybody thought
she was a Bigfoot.
And she was the woman
captured about 120 odd years
ago out of Georgia,
which is Russia.
On the border of Russia there.
And she was held in
captivity for three years.
And then finally she stayed
within the village after that.
She was impregnated six times by
villagers over drinking games.
And she had all
the characteristics
of what we would
consider a Bigfoot.
>>NOORY: Was she a hairy woman?
>>MULLIS: She was a hairy woman.
Large woman.
Dark in skin color
and Dr. Igor Burtsev,
he did a lot of that research.
He even found her
offsprings and the graves
from her original offspring
as well as living offspring.
And we tested them.
And found that they
were just human.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MULLIS: So, but
what's interesting,
but there's a caveat there.
The caveat is that
Zana is actually
a sub-Saharan African woman
which in the Ottoman Empire,
they brought a lot of slaves up.
Which means that she is
a form of relic hominid.
And what Bryan's
trying to do now
is figure a way to
determine how old,
what the relic nature of that
sub-Saharan African strain is.
So we don't think that
she's a Bigfoot, in terms
of what we know as Bigfoot now.
We just know that she's a human,
even if it's a relic human.
But that's part of
the whole mystery.
That's what we're trying to
determine what Bigfoot is.
And we may have that DNA
evidence that says they are
a form of the sub-species or
sub-genus of human or maybe
they're--
>>NOORY: They could be the
missing link, for all we know.
>>MULLIS: Well--
>>NOORY: Between ape and
man, maybe you have Bigfoot.
>>MULLIS: Well there's just
too many human qualities
for there to be
categorized strictly ape.
But then again, we humans
are considered apes too.
>>NOORY: But what if
it's right in the middle?
>>MULLIS: No, so
far what we've seen
doesn't reflect any of that.
But that's, again, what
we're trying to do here.
A true scientist
says, I'm not going
to tell you what
I want it to be.
I'm going to tell you what
the current theory is and then
change that theory or
that system of knowledge
based off of new evidence.
And so that's why science is
constantly changing anyway.
Because when new evidence comes
forth and they analyze it,
we say, OK, well,
this is how we need
to adjust what our current
thinking is on this.
And so that's why
we can-- and I know
it frustrates a lot of
people when we can't say,
it is 100% this,
or it is 100% that.
>>NOORY: People want
their answers, don't they?
>>MULLIS: They want
their definitive answers
and we can't do that.
It's just not possible.
There's no such thing
truly as a Bigfoot expert.
There's experts in
their field that
have learned a lot about it and
they may have more knowledge
about Bigfoot than,
say, the common person.
So that would
technically classify them
as some kind of
expert, but to say
with 100% saying
I know everything
about Bigfoot, that's
just impossible to do.
The reality is for every
10,000 good stories we have,
I saw Bigfoot here and
I saw Bigfoot there
and they were walking away,
we do get occasional stories
where they've ripped a human
to pieces or they killed them.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>MULLIS: Oh yeah.
Again, I worked as a
therapist and I was actually
able to confirm one story where
a couple had gotten killed
and the ranger went up and
retrieved the daughter.
She's still institutionalized
to this day.
And we don't talk about those
stores because they're so rare.
And why we don't talk
about those stories
is because Hollywood likes
to sensationalize things.
And so they're making
all these movies
painting these things to
be these scary creatures
and really most of
them are just docile.
They'll leave you alone.
And just like running
into a bear in the woods,
a bear is going to avoid you,
but if they feel cornered
>>NOORY: Provoked?
They're going to fight back.
>>MULLIS: In the case
of Justin Schmidt,
the female did a
territorial charge at him.
You know, stepping forward and
making an aggressive stance,
which is why he shot at it.
That's a very common thing.
One of our team
members, Tom Graham,
he works out of southern Oregon.
He came across a white Bigfoot,
and it did a territorial charge
at him.
Think gorilla in terms of their
behavior, in that respect.
And that's one of
the other things
I've done throughout
the last 37 years.
Whenever I find a certain
trend in behavior, what I do
is I go into the rest
of the animal world
and I look for those
behaviors in other species.
Like hunting behavior,
that type of thing.
And I've been able to find and
make sense of their behavior
by using that behavior.
For example, there were
quite a few stories
of them hunting in terms of
when they do a group hunt,
they'll have drivers, guides,
and then the kill team.
And I thought, well,
that's pretty unusual.
That shows a lot of
high intelligence.
>>NOORY: Smart.
>>MULLIS: But then again,
I watched Discovery Channel
back in the late '90s, early
2000, somewhere in that time.
And they had a documentary
about chimpanzees
that did the exact same
thing with other monkeys.
Well, there's your
example right there.
That helps legitimize
that current trend
of data saying this
is a possibility.
You couple that with all the
deer kills in the fall, where
they're bulking up and they
eat all the deer livers.
So all you find is deer with--
they'll jab their thumb up
into their ribcage and
pull out their liver.
>>NOORY: Rip it off.
>>MULLIS: And that
way because the liver
is so full of nutrients,
it helps them bulk up
for the winter time.
So we start finding all
these things that slowly
come together and produce
this nice picture.
That's why I always
tell people, all of us
have pieces of the puzzle.
This is why no matter how
far fetched the story may be,
you need to listen to it.
Because you may find that
little nugget that makes sense.
It helps create
this greater picture
of what these things really are.
And that's all that's been
driving me for 37 years.
I don't have to
believe they exist
because I know they exist.
I've seen them twice.
And I have a couple of
other types of interactions
throughout the years,
being stuff thrown at me.
And calling back and
forth, and stuff like that.
That's old stuff.
But what is interesting,
what drives me,
is not if they exist,
but what are they?
Which is why I decided to use
what science I'm involved in
and help bring
other scientists in
to take that serious approach.
>>NOORY: Well, maybe one
day you'll get the answer.
Rhettman, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>MULLIS: Thank you
very much, George.
>>NOORY: The subject of Bigfoot.
Absolutely fascinating.
Will we ever find the creature?
Only time will tell.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]